[ADD] new doc for release report (#1272)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/manage-account/reports/released-money/api.en.md

# Generating through API

Save time and automate the **generating frequency** of the Available Balance report as many times as you want, both manually and on a scheduled basis.

> > WARNING
> >
> > The Available Balance report will be disabled next March O1, 2022
> >
> > You can use the [Release report](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/released-money/introduction) to reconcile the transactions that affect the balance available in your account, including your bank withdrawals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WARNING
>
> The Available Balance report will be disabled from next March 1st, 2022.
>
> Use the [Release report](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/released-money/introduction) to reconcile the transactions that affect the balance available in your account, including your bank withdrawals.
```

> > NOTE
> >
> > Note
> >
> > Have the [Glossary](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/release-money/glossary) of the Available Balance report on hand to review it when needed or want to review a technical term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE
>
> Note
>
> Have the [Glossary](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/release-money/glossary) at hand to review technical terms when managing your reports.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Set up your reports
> 
> Execute the curl you need to review, create and update your reports.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up your reports

Execute the curl you need to check, create and update your reports.

```

connection.setRequestMethod("GET");
connection.setRequestProperty("Accept", "application/json");
connection.setRequestProperty("Content-Type", "application/json");
connection.setRequestProperty("Authorization", "Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN");

System.out.println(connection.getResponseCode());
System.out.println(connection.getResponseMessage());
System.out.println(connection.getInputStream());
```
```python
import requests
headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
}

response = requests.get('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/config', headers=headers)
```
```node
var request = require('request');

var headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
};

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/config',
    headers: headers
};
function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}
request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response if no error is found.

The response object will have a similar structure to the following example:
```

```json
{
    "file_name_prefix": "release-report-USER_ID",
    "include_withdrawal_at_end": true,
    "scheduled": false,
    "execute_after_withdrawal": false,
    "separator": ";",
    "display_timezone": "GMT-04",
    "frequency": {
        "hour": 0,
        "type": "monthly",
        "value": 1
    },
    "columns": [
        {
            "key": "DATE"
        },
        {
            "key": "SOURCE_ID"
        },
        {
            "key": "EXTERNAL_REFERENCE"
        }
    ]
}
```

### Create configuration

> Create your API generation preferences to export columns, name your files and configure other settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create your generation preferences through API to export columns, name your files and configure other settings:
```

    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
};

var dataString = '{
            "file_name_prefix": "release-report-USER_ID",
            "include_withdrawal_at_end": true,
            "execute_after_withdrawal": false,
            "display_timezone": "GMT-04",
            "notification_email_list": [
                "example@email.com",
                "john@example.com"
            ],
            "frequency": {
                "hour": 0,
                "type": "monthly",
                "value": 1
            },
            "columns": [
                {
                    "key": "DATE"
                },
                {
                    "key": "SOURCE_ID"
                },
                {
                    "key": "EXTERNAL_REFERENCE"
                }
            ]
    }';

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/config',
    method: 'POST',
    headers: headers,
    body: dataString
};

function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}

request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 201 (Created)` in response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 201 (Created)` in response if no error is found.

The response object will have a similar structure to the following example:
```

    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
};

var dataString = '{
            "file_name_prefix": "release-report-USER_ID",
            "include_withdrawal_at_end": true,
            "execute_after_withdrawal": false,
            "display_timezone": "GMT-04",
            "notification_email_list": [
                "example@email.com",
                "john@example.com"
            ],
            "frequency": {
                "hour": 0,
                "type": "monthly",
                "value": 1
            },
            "columns": [
                {
                    "key": "DATE"
                },
                {
                    "key": "SOURCE_ID"
                },
                {
                    "key": "EXTERNAL_REFERENCE"
                }
            ]
    }';

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/config',
    method: 'PUT',
    headers: headers,
    body: dataString
};

function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}

request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response if no error is found.

The response object will have a similar structure to the following example:
```

```json
{
    "file_name_prefix": "release-report-USER_ID",
    "include_withdrawal_at_end": true,
    "scheduled": false,
    "execute_after_withdrawal": false,
    "separator": ";",
    "display_timezone": "GMT-04",
    "notification_email_list": [
        "example@email.com",
        "john@example.com"
    ],
    "frequency": {
        "hour": 0,
        "type": "monthly",
        "value": 1
    },
    "columns": [
        {
            "key": "DATE"
        },
        {
            "key": "SOURCE_ID"
        },
        {
            "key": "EXTERNAL_REFERENCE"
        }
    ]
}
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Configurable attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configurable attributes
```

Know the fields you can configure to adjust your preferences before you start:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| `include_withdrawal` (optional) | <br/>Includes withdrawals in the report.<br/><br/> |
| `coupon_detailed` (optional) | <br/>Includes a column to show the detail of the discount coupons.<br/><br/> |
| `columns` | <br/>Field with the details of columns to be included in your report. Find all possible values in the [Glossary section](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/released-money/glossary).<br/><br/>|
| `file_name_prefix` | <br/>Prefix that composes the report name once generated and ready for download.<br/><br/> |
| `frequency` | <br/>Indicates the daily, weekly or monthly frequency of scheduled reports.<br/><br/> - `frequency` applies type *monthly* to the day of the month or *weekly* to the day of the week.<br/> - `hour` Hour Time of day to generate the report. <br/> - `type` Type indicates the type of frequency *daily*, *weekly* and *monthly*.<br/><br/> |
| `scheduled` (read_only) | <br/>Informative field that indicates if there are already scheduled reports in the user account.<br/><br/> |

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Generating manually 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating your reports manually 
```

Generate your reports manually by configuring three instances: generation, search and download.

### 1. Generation

> Post to the API by specifying the start and end dates as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform a POST to the API by specifying the start and end dates as follows:
```

    byte[] input = body.getBytes("utf-8");
    os.write(input, 0, input.length);
}

System.out.println(connection.getResponseCode());
System.out.println(connection.getResponseMessage());
System.out.println(connection.getInputStream());
```
```python
import requests

headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
}

data = '{ "begin_date": "2019-05-01T00:00:00Z", "end_date": "2019-06-01T00:00:00Z" }'

response = requests.post('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report', headers=headers, data=data)
```
```node
var request = require('request');

var headers = { 
    'accept': 'application/json', 
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN' 
};

var dataString = '{ "begin_date": "2019-05-01T00:00:00Z", "end_date": "2019-06-01T00:00:00Z" }';

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report',
    method: 'POST',
    headers: headers,
    body: dataString
};
function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}
request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 202 (Accepted)` in response, and the report will be generated asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 202 (Accepted)` in response if no error is found, and the report will be generated asynchronously.
```

### 2. Search

> Check the API this way to see if the report generation is ready:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the API according to the snippet below to see if the report generation is ready:
```

```
```java
URL url = new URL("https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/list");

HttpsURLConnection connection = (HttpsURLConnection) url.openConnection();

connection.setRequestMethod("GET");
connection.setRequestProperty("Authorization", "Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN");

System.out.println(connection.getResponseCode());
System.out.println(connection.getResponseMessage());
System.out.println(connection.getInputStream());
```
```python
import requests

headers = { 
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
}

response = requests.post('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/list', headers=headers)
```
```node
var request = require('request');
var headers = { 'accept': 'application/json'};
var dataString = 'access_token=ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN';
var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/list',
    method: 'POST',
    headers: headers,
    body: dataString
};
function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}
request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> You will receive `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response if no error is found.

The response object will have a similar structure to the following example:
```

    'access_token' => 'ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
);
$response = Requests::post('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/:file_name', $headers, $data);
```
```java
URL url = new URL("https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/:file_name");

HttpsURLConnection connection = (HttpsURLConnection) url.openConnection();

connection.setRequestMethod("GET");
connection.setRequestProperty("Authorization", "Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN");

System.out.println(connection.getResponseCode());
System.out.println(connection.getResponseMessage());
System.out.println(connection.getInputStream());
```
```python
import requests

headers = {
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
}

response = requests.get('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/:file_name', headers=headers)
```
```node
var request = require('request');

var headers = {
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
};

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/:file_name',
    headers: headers,
};

function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}

request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response if no error is found.

The response object will have a similar structure to the following example:
```

```csv
DATE,SOURCE_ID,EXTERNAL_REFERENCE,RECORD_TYPE,DESCRIPTION,NET_CREDIT_AMOUNT,NET_DEBIT_AMOUNT,GROSS_AMOUNT,MP_FEE_AMOUNT,FINANCING_FEE_AMOUNT,SHIPPING_FEE_AMOUNT,TAXES_AMOUNT,COUPON_AMOUNT,INSTALLMENTS,PAYMENT_METHOD
2018-04-17T15:07:53.000-04:00,,,initial_available_balance,,813439.19,0.00,813439.19,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,
2018-04-17T15:07:53.000-04:00,,,release,withdrawal,0.00,813363.45,-813360.45,-3.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,
2018-04-17T15:11:12.000-04:00,,,release,payment,225.96,0.00,269.00,-43.04,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,account_money
2018-04-17T15:18:16.000-04:00,,,release,payment,124.32,0.00,148.00,-23.68,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,visa
2018-04-17T15:38:40.000-04:00,,,release,payment,820.14,0.00,1099.00,-278.86,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,6,visa
2018-04-17T15:38:40.000-04:00,,,release,payment,850.00,0.00,850.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,account_money
```

> ## Generating on a scheduled basis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating your reports automatically
```

Generate your reports on a scheduled basis by configuring three instances: generation, configuration and download.

### 1. Generation

> Schedule the automatic report generation using the frequency in the configuration resource. Update the *`scheduled`* attribute in the configuration to *`true`*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schedule the automatic generation of your report using the desired frequency in the configuration resource. 

Keep in mind to update the *`scheduled`* attribute in the configuration to *`true`*:
```

```plain
    POST /v1/account/release_report/schedule
```

Stops automatic report generation. Update the *`scheduled`* attribute in the false configuration:

```plain
    DELETE /v1/account/release_report/schedule
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### 2. Configuration

> Execute the curl you need to start and cancel the scheduled generation of your reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the following curls to respectively start and cancel the scheduled generation of your reports, according to your desired scenario.
```

connection.setRequestMethod("DELETE");
connection.setRequestProperty("Accept", "application/json");
connection.setRequestProperty("Content-Type", "application/json");
connection.setRequestProperty("Authorization", "Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN");

System.out.println(connection.getResponseCode());
System.out.println(connection.getResponseMessage());
System.out.println(connection.getInputStream());
```
```python
import requests

headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
}

response = requests.delete('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/schedule', headers=headers)
```
```node
var request = require('request');

var headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
};

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/schedule',
    method: 'DELETE',
    headers: headers
};

function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}

request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### 3. Download

> Download the file with this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the generated file with the following command:
```

# Generating through API

Generate the Released money report manually as many times as you want or schedule it according to the desired frequency through our API.

> WARNING
>

> > The Available Balance report will be disabled from next March 1st, 2022.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The Available Balance report will be disabled from March 1st, 2022.
```

| `include_withdrawal` (optional) | <br/>Includes withdrawals in the report.<br/><br/> |
| `coupon_detailed` (optional) | <br/>Includes a column to show the detail of the discount coupons.<br/><br/> |
| `columns` | <br/>Field with the details of columns to be included in your report. Find all possible values in the [Glossary section](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/released-money/glossary).<br/><br/>|
| `file_name_prefix` | <br/>Prefix that composes the report name once generated and ready for download.<br/><br/> |
| `frequency` | <br/>Indicates the daily, weekly or monthly frequency of scheduled reports.<br/><br/> - `frequency` applies type *monthly* to the day of the month or *weekly* to the day of the week.<br/> - `hour` Hour Time of day to generate the report. <br/> - `type` Type indicates the type of frequency *daily*, *weekly* and *monthly*.<br/><br/> |
| `scheduled` (read_only) | <br/>Informative field that indicates if there are already scheduled reports in the user account.<br/><br/> |

## Generating your reports manually 

> Generate your reports manually by configuring three instances: generation, search and download.
> 
> ### 1. Generation
> 
> Perform a POST to the API by specifying the start and end dates as follows:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate your reports manually by configuring three instances: creation, query, and download.

### 1. Creation

Perform a POST to the API by specifying the desired start and end dates as follows:

```

System.out.println(connection.getResponseMessage());
System.out.println(connection.getInputStream());
```
```python
import requests

headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
}

data = '{ "begin_date": "2019-05-01T00:00:00Z", "end_date": "2019-06-01T00:00:00Z" }'

response = requests.post('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report', headers=headers, data=data)
```
```node
var request = require('request');

var headers = { 
    'accept': 'application/json', 
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN' 
};

var dataString = '{ "begin_date": "2019-05-01T00:00:00Z", "end_date": "2019-06-01T00:00:00Z" }';

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report',
    method: 'POST',
    headers: headers,
    body: dataString
};
function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}
request(options, callback);
```
]]]

You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 202 (Accepted)` in response if no error is found, and the report will be generated asynchronously.

> ### 2. Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Query
```

> Check the API according to the snippet below to see if the report generation is ready:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the API according to the snippet below to see if the report creation is ready:
```

    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}

request(options, callback);
```
]]]

You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response if no error is found.

The response object will have a similar structure to the following example:

```csv
DATE,SOURCE_ID,EXTERNAL_REFERENCE,RECORD_TYPE,DESCRIPTION,NET_CREDIT_AMOUNT,NET_DEBIT_AMOUNT,GROSS_AMOUNT,MP_FEE_AMOUNT,FINANCING_FEE_AMOUNT,SHIPPING_FEE_AMOUNT,TAXES_AMOUNT,COUPON_AMOUNT,INSTALLMENTS,PAYMENT_METHOD
2018-04-17T15:07:53.000-04:00,,,initial_available_balance,,813439.19,0.00,813439.19,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,
2018-04-17T15:07:53.000-04:00,,,release,withdrawal,0.00,813363.45,-813360.45,-3.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,
2018-04-17T15:11:12.000-04:00,,,release,payment,225.96,0.00,269.00,-43.04,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,account_money
2018-04-17T15:18:16.000-04:00,,,release,payment,124.32,0.00,148.00,-23.68,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,visa
2018-04-17T15:38:40.000-04:00,,,release,payment,820.14,0.00,1099.00,-278.86,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,6,visa
2018-04-17T15:38:40.000-04:00,,,release,payment,850.00,0.00,850.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,account_money
```

## Generating your reports automatically

> Generate your reports on a scheduled basis by configuring three instances: generation, configuration and download.
> 
> ### 1. Generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate your reports on a scheduled basis by configuring three instances: creation, configuration, and download.

### 1. Creation
```

# Generating through API

Generate the Released money report manually as many times as you want or schedule it according to the desired frequency through our API.

> WARNING
>

> > The Available Balance report will be disabled from March 1st, 2022.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The Available Balance report will be disabled from March 1st, 2022
```

>

> > Use the [Release report](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/released-money/introduction) to reconcile the transactions that affect the balance available in your account, including your bank withdrawals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> You can use the [Release report](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/released-money/introduction) to reconcile the transactions that affect the balance available in your account, including your bank withdrawals.
```

## Set up your reports

> Execute the curl you need to check, create and update your reports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure your reports according to your preferences. Up next, you'll find the API calls you can make to create, consult and update your reports.
```

> NOTE
>
> Note
>
> Have the [Glossary](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/reports/release-money/glossary) at hand to review technical terms when managing your reports.

> ### Check configuration 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Check your configuration 
```

> Check the configuration of your reports by API in this way:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can check the configuration of your reports by API using these commands:
```

```
```node
var request = require('request');

var headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
};

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/config',
    headers: headers
};
function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}
request(options, callback);
```
]]]

You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response if no error is found.

The response object will have a similar structure to the following example:

```json
{
    "file_name_prefix": "release-report-USER_ID",
    "include_withdrawal_at_end": true,
    "scheduled": false,
    "execute_after_withdrawal": false,
    "separator": ";",
    "display_timezone": "GMT-04",
    "frequency": {
        "hour": 0,
        "type": "monthly",
        "value": 1
    },
    "columns": [
        {
            "key": "DATE"
        },
        {
            "key": "SOURCE_ID"
        },
        {
            "key": "EXTERNAL_REFERENCE"
        }
    ]
}
```

> ### Create configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Create your configuration
```

                },
                {
                    "key": "EXTERNAL_REFERENCE"
                }
            ]
    }';

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/config',
    method: 'POST',
    headers: headers,
    body: dataString
};

function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}

request(options, callback);
```
]]]

You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 201 (Created)` in response if no error is found.

The response object will have a similar structure to the following example:

```json
{
    "file_name_prefix": "release-report-USER_ID",
    "include_withdrawal_at_end": true,
    "scheduled": false,
    "execute_after_withdrawal": false,
    "separator": ",",
    "display_timezone": "GMT-04",
    "notification_email_list": [
        "example@email.com",
        "john@example.com"
    ],
    "frequency": {
        "hour": 0,
        "type": "monthly",
        "value": 1
    },
    "columns": [
        {
            "key": "DATE"
        },
        {
            "key": "SOURCE_ID"
        },
        {
            "key": "EXTERNAL_REFERENCE"
        }
    ]
}
```

> ### Check configuration 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Check the configuration 
```

> Check the configuration of your reports by API in this way:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To check the configuration of your reports by API using with these codes:
```

connection.setRequestMethod("GET");
connection.setRequestProperty("Accept", "application/json");
connection.setRequestProperty("Content-Type", "application/json");
connection.setRequestProperty("Authorization", "Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN");

System.out.println(connection.getResponseCode());
System.out.println(connection.getResponseMessage());
System.out.println(connection.getInputStream());
```
```python
import requests
headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
}

response = requests.get('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/config', headers=headers)
```
```node
var request = require('request');

var headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
};

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/config',
    headers: headers
};
function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}
request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will receive an `HTTP STATUS 200 (OK)` in response:
```

2018-04-17T15:11:12.000-04:00,,,release,payment,225.96,0.00,269.00,-43.04,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,account_money
2018-04-17T15:18:16.000-04:00,,,release,payment,124.32,0.00,148.00,-23.68,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,visa
2018-04-17T15:38:40.000-04:00,,,release,payment,820.14,0.00,1099.00,-278.86,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,6,visa
2018-04-17T15:38:40.000-04:00,,,release,payment,850.00,0.00,850.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,0.00,1,account_money
```

## Generating your reports automatically

Generate your reports on a scheduled basis by configuring three instances: creation, configuration, and download.

### 1. Creation

Schedule the automatic generation of your report using the desired frequency in the configuration resource. 

Keep in mind to update the *`scheduled`* attribute in the configuration to *`true`*:

```plain
    POST /v1/account/release_report/schedule
```

Stops automatic report generation. Update the *`scheduled`* attribute in the false configuration:

```plain
    DELETE /v1/account/release_report/schedule
```

### 2. Configuration

Execute the following curls to respectively start and cancel the scheduled generation of your reports, according to your desired scenario.

> #### Start scheduled generation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

connection.setRequestMethod("POST");
connection.setRequestProperty("Accept", "application/json");
connection.setRequestProperty("Content-Type", "application/json");
connection.setRequestProperty("Authorization", "Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN");

System.out.println(connection.getResponseCode());
System.out.println(connection.getResponseMessage());
System.out.println(connection.getInputStream());
```
```python
import requests

headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
}

response = requests.post('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/schedule', headers=headers)
```
```node
var request = require('request');

var headers = {
    'accept': 'application/json',
    'content-type': 'application/json',
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
};

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/schedule',
    method: 'POST',
    headers: headers
};

function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}

request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> ### 2. Cancel scheduled generation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Cancel scheduled generation
```

    'Authorization' => 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
);
$response = Requests::get('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/:file_name', $headers);
```
```java
URL url = new URL("https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/:file_name");

HttpsURLConnection connection = (HttpsURLConnection) url.openConnection();

connection.setRequestMethod("GET");\
connection.setRequestProperty("Authorization", "Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN");

System.out.println(connection.getResponseCode());
System.out.println(connection.getResponseMessage());
System.out.println(connection.getInputStream());
```
```python
import requests

headers = {
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
}

response = requests.get('https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/:file_name', headers=headers)
```
```node
var request = require('request');

var headers = {
    'Authorization': 'Bearer ENV_ACCESS_TOKEN'
};

var options = {
    url: 'https://api.mercadopago.com/v1/account/release_report/:file_name',
    headers: headers,
};

function callback(error, response, body) {
    if (!error && response.statusCode == 200) {
        console.log(body);
    }
}

request(options, callback);
```
]]]

> You will receive an  `HTTP STATUS 200 (Ok)` in response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will receive an  `HTTP STATUS 200 (Ok)` in response:
```
